It's time to sit back and relax with
your favorite drink and listen.
[Music]
I worked as a park ranger in western
Alaska
by Augustus Cordova.
Part one.
I spent the best part of two decades as
a park ranger in the far northwest of
Alaska. From my mid20s to my early 40s.
When I first signed on, it was just an
escape, a way to run from the mess I'd
made of my life. But the longer I
stayed, the more the land got into my
blood. Oh, the wilderness stretched
forever, brutal and pure. The mountains
cut the horizon like jagged blades. The
storm swallowed sound until it felt like
the whole world was holding its breath.
And the nights, oh, black skies with
stars sharp as ground glass. In winter,
the northern lights twisting like living
fire in alien shades no one could name.
But beauty doesn't last. Few years back,
things started to change. People began
vanishing up here. Too many, too fast.
And with the disappearances came other
things, strange things that clawed at
the edges of the park and the preserve.
Then one night in 2018, it all came for
me. Ah, the storm was a monster. White
out conditions, snow falling so hard it
looked like a solid wall on every side.
I was hunched over a snowmobile,
fighting the wind and ice. When Johnson
Aosta rolled out behind me on his
machine, Johnson was a giant of a man,
6'6 and broad as a grizzly, his bulk
rising against the shadow of the peaks.
For a second, it struck me how that
scene could have been a postcard, except
the cold had teeth and the air stank of
something wrong.
That's when I noticed them tracks.
I've been standing almost on top of
them. Missed them completely until
Johnson's headlights cut across the
snow. First, I figured they were animal,
maybe something wounded. There were
drops of blood sunk into the crust, dark
stains against the frozen white. I
followed the line of them, crouching
low, trying not to step where I
shouldn't.
And then my stomach turned cold.
They weren't animal tracks. They were
human. Bare feet pressed deep into the
snow. No boots, no clothes, just naked
footprints stretching out into the
tundra. And out there in -40 with the
wind screaming like knives. No human
being should have lived long enough to
leave a trail. And I could barely keep
the cold from tearing me apart. And I
was wrapped in three layers of jackets,
snow pants, long johns, two pairs of
jeans, a ski mask, gloves with hand
warmers, and socks stacked thick.
But someone had walked barefoot into
this storm. And the storm hadn't killed
them. I wore heavy waterproof boots, the
kind with composite toes that wouldn't
freeze solid like steel ones. Even
wrapped up like that, the cold still got
through, biting at me with every step I
took. I pushed forward and that's when I
saw them. Handprints scattered among the
bloody footprints. The ice was jagged
enough to flave skin roar, to split open
bare hands and feet like they'd been
dragged across razors. Well, the truth
hid me like a hammer. Someone had
crawled through here naked on all fours.
And if that was the case, their frozen
corpse had to be waiting somewhere up
ahead. I glanced over at Johnson. He
hadn't moved. still looming behind me on
his sled, his face wrapped in a red
scarf, only his eyes showing through the
frost. One ice crusted eyebrow arched,
asking the question out loud without a
word.
"Yeah, I think we got a body nearby," I
muttered, climbing back onto my
snowmobile and firing it up.
He followed suit, engine rumbling low in
the store.
Lord Almighty, he said, voice a deep
baritone that almost vanished in the
wind. What kind of cracked out lunatic
crawls through the eyes with no clothes
on? Man, I need a hit of whatever that
freak's riding. I got two sweaters and
two coats on and I still feel like I'm
dying out here. Yeah, Elton, what'd you
say? He added, elbowing me like it was
some kind of a joke. I didn't answer,
just frowned and kept my eyes forward.
That was Johnson. Always mouththing off,
always finding something smart to say.
He'd been like that since the start.
Hell, he was standing next to me the day
I interviewed for this job back in
Washington State. I still remember the
woman who did the questioning. She
looked like a corpse that hadn't thought
properly. They skin, eyes magnified,
huge behind thick glasses, voice sharp
enough to cut bone. She barked out
questions like a drill sergeant sizing
up raw recruits.
Are you a member of any organized
religion? She snapped. Before I could
even answer, Jonathan grinned and fired
back. Oh, ma'am, but I am a member of a
disorganized religion. Call ourselves
the servants of the old ones, waiting on
the reptilian gods at the bottom of the
ocean to wake up. He spread his hands
like it was gospel. Ah, so far though,
they're not returning our calls.
We followed the trail slowly, carefully,
keeping just enough distance not to wipe
the bloody prince off the snow.
Something was out there. It wasn't just
the cold. But the trail didn't end. The
bloody smears thinned out the further we
went, fading into the snow, but the
tracks themselves grew stranger. The
hands and feet pressed deeper,
stretching longer, as if whatever made
them had broken into a sprint on all
fours, and it was gaining speed.
We were close to the wall of evergreens
when I caught a flash of white cutting
through the storm ahead.
Then I saw it. A humanoid at first
glance, but wrong. So, so wrong.
Moved on its hands and feet like an
animal. Skin bare, no clothing, no
warmth. Its flesh was pale, as pale as
death, washed out white, stretched thin
across a frame that looked more ape than
human. Turned toward the snowmobile
lights for the briefest moment. The
sight clawed its way into my brain
forever. No hair, skin pulled so tight
it looked stitched to the bone. The lips
were gone, eaten away, leaving gums
exposed, black and red, thick with
clotted blood. Its nose was nothing but
two uneven pits. And its eyes, god, its
eyes, caught the light like a scavenger
in the dark, huge and sunken, glowing
back like a raccoon or a possum.
That's when I understood what had
painted the snow behind it. The thing
wasn't wounded, hadn't left the blood
from his own body. His mouth was split
wired open in a fixed grin. Jagged rows
of crooked stained teeth at what it
carried.
An infant.
The baby's head lulled from side to
side, neck twisted at an unnatural
angle, blood pouring from nose and
mouth. Tiny Parker was punctured by
perfect arcs of teeth. The ribs beneath
shattered.
Blood trail was thinning because there
was nothing left to pump. The child's
heart had already gone silent.
I had weapons. Always did. A rifle
locked in the sled. 12 gauge slung
across my back. The shotgun was for bear
or moose. Kept cold and empty until
needed with slugs tucked away. Slugs
that would drop any beast that walked in
these woods. A 308 could drop a polar
bear with a clean headsh shot. or just
make it angrier on a bad day. But a slug
to the heart or the skull, and that
would stop anything breathing. Only this
thing ahead of me wasn't any better.
For all I knew, this thing was worse
than anything I'd ever imagined. I
glanced at the speedometer. 20 mph,
pushing through pitch black night and a
blizzard that could skin a man alive.
Yet, the creature was still pulling
ahead.
never seemed to tire. Its bony limbs
hammering the snow with a speed that no
human body should have been capable of.
Arms and legs blurred, pumping like
pistons, driving it forward within human
stamina.
Its crooked teeth stayed locked on the
dead infant's neck, carrying it the way
a fereral cat carries its young. I
gripped the snowmobile with one hand and
fought to free the shotgun strap with
the other. Slowing down below 20, felt
the machine shudder beneath me. The
creature responded instantly, moving
faster, darting toward the shadow of the
mountain forest only a few hundred feet
ahead.
I wrenched the shotgun free, slammed the
snowmobile to a stop, and raised the
barrel. My breath burned in my lungs as
I steadied myself. One squeeze of the
trigger.
The blast shattered the storm,
but my shot went wide. Too much
distance. Slug's power falls apart the
further it travels. and I knew by the
time I swapped to the 308, the thing
would already be gone, swallowed by the
black tangle of trees. Johnson skidded
to a halt beside me, rifle up, he fired
twice, maybe three times, couldn't tell
over the thunder of the storm, but the
creature was already gone, vanishing
into the evergreens like smoke in the
wind.
Holy [__] Johnson bellowed, breath
clouding in the dark. That thing was
fast. No way he should have gotten away
from that. He let out a ragged, sharp
sigh. I lowered my weapon. God, we need
to find where it got that baby. There
could be more bodies out there than we
want to count.
Back at the sled, I pulled the radio and
called it in. Gave them the basics.
Stripped down to what wouldn't get me
thrown into an asylum. I left out the
part about the pale hairless thing that
wasn't quite human. I just called it an
unknown animal.
Law enforcement didn't run deep out
here. Barely anyone lived in these
frozen stretches, and when something did
happen, rangers and fish and wildlife
were the first line of defense. We
worked with a few cops scattered in the
small towns. When they had cops at all,
that is. Dozens of tribal villages
didn't. When trouble came, those people
looked at us. Forest agents, wildlife
wardens. Most of them were the kindest,
toughest souls I had ever known. But
whatever had ripped through the snow in
front of us, well, this wasn't something
they could help with. By the time we
made it back to the blood soaked trail,
the storm had swallowed the prince hole.
The wind and snow had erased every
trace. But I had a good idea where the
thing had come from, judging by the line
of its path, it ran almost perfectly
straight, straight toward the Latina
Peak trailer park.
Johnson and I gunned the snowmobiles to
full throttle,
tearing across rolling hills and flat
frozen planes. The storm was turning
meaner by the minute. Snow thick and
wet, flick so big they stuck to our
visors and gear. They say the Inuit have
a hundred words for snow. And after a
decade up here, I believed it. I'd seen
every kind there is, and this one was
the heavy clinging kind that smothers
everything. it get falling like this,
we'd need shelter fast.
That's when I heard the screaming.
Carried through the storm before we even
saw the lights. Grounded a sharp right
turn where the dirt road broke into the
trailer park and the scene opened up in
front of us. People everywhere swarming
around the far corner of the lot. Dozens
of them moving like insects under the
buzzing flood lights. One trailer burned
bright against the storm, every window
glowing. A woman stood outside clutching
another who was bent double as sobs
cutting through the night. Even though
nearly everyone around here knew us by
sight, I tug my badge free, flashing it
in the chaos. Up here, rangers weren't
just forest wardens. We were federal
agents, armed, sworn, and licensed under
the Department of the Interior. We had
the same authority as cops, maybe more.
But none of us ever really thought about
it until moments like this.
I climbed the steps and shoved into the
trailer. One sweep of the room was
enough. Didn't need to call an
ambulance.
Behind me, Johnson's boots pounded up
the stairs. The whole structure groaning
under his weight as he came in. Stood
there for a long moment, silent.
The entire family was gone.
Blood covered the walls, the furniture
dripping down the counters. Even the
ceiling was splattered. Looked like
something had tried to paint the room
red.
Most of the blood had frozen solid in
the cold, black and glossy against the
wreckage. Got myself wondering how long
the front door had stood open, letting
the storm creep inside to preserve the
slaughter.
The floor was littered with what was
left of them. An arm shoved into the
corner like trash. A head propped on the
kitchen counter, staring blankly across
the room. Even a tooth hammered into the
drywall as if it had been fired from a
gun. Oh, the brutality wasn't just
savage. It was obscene. And the strength
it took to do this, well, nothing human.
Johnson's voice was low and grim.
We're going to need a hell of a lot more
than just you and me on this one. I
nodded, exhaustion settling into my
bones, knowing we had hours of work
ahead before sleep would even be an
option. Jurisdiction here was a mess.
State lines, federal land, tribal
territory. Everyone had a stake, which
meant calling in everyone. Eventually,
CSI made it, crawling through the
snowstorm after a three-hour hall. Until
they arrived, it was just us holding the
scene, keeping gawkers away while
neighbors tried to feed us coffee and
pump us for details we couldn't give.
As always, Johnson couldn't resist his
charm. He leaned down to an old woman
wrapped in a faded wool blanket and
said, "Lady, I don't know any more than
you do. And trust me, you'd be the first
to know if I did."
By the time the police cars trickled in
one after another, we' given them the
watered down version of the night. Then
we stepped back, left the mess to them,
and got the hell out.
I drove home numb, stripped down, and
stood under the scolding water until my
skin turned red, trying to burn the
night off me. Eventually, I collapsed
into bed and slept harder than I had in
weeks.
But then the dreams came.
That face, that pale, grinning horror,
its teeth locked around the body of a
baby. Those black reflective eyes
pinning me in place, marking me. I
didn't know it then. That'd be the last
time I slept in a bed for days.
Part two.
The next day, the state police handed us
an officer saying they wanted someone
officially watching their interests. But
now, the case was boiling at the top of
their list. Up here, we barely saw
robberies, almost never assaults.
Murders were damn near unheard of. and
an entire family butchered in the home.
Well, it rattled the locals to the bone.
CSI hadn't helped. They couldn't even
agree on what they were looking at. Some
swore it was human of the said animal,
and a few muttered about both, like a
man and his fighting dogs had gone rabid
together. With no leads, the order came
down. Johnson and I were to head back to
the spot where we'd seen the thing the
night before, see what we could dig up.
They sent someone to tag along. Officer
Melinda Yansen. She had the look of a
rookie who hadn't yet figured out what
kind of hell she'd signed up for. Bright
eyes, eager posture, still clinging to
the belief that this job was about
protecting and serving instead of
winging through nightmares.
She gripped my hand hard enough to grind
the bones together, and I saw Johnson
wincse when she squeezed his. When her
back was turned, he shot me a look,
eyebrow raised.
What can you do? Didn't take long to
find the place, though. In the treeine
where the creature had bolted, a branch
was splintered, ripped by a shotgun
blast. Proof enough we were on the
trail. In daylight, the ground told its
own story. Faint track cut through the
trees. A deer trail. Maybe narrow but
passable if we threaded the snowmobiles
carefully. I took point, sometimes
killing the engine, climbing off to drag
branches out of the way. Slow going, but
not as bad as I'd feared.
The path wound over a rolling hill,
dipped into a shallow basin, then
twisted back upward, spiraling around
the shoulder of a mountain. And every
yard deeper into those trees felt like
stepping closer to something that didn't
want to be found.
We were riding high, 7,000 ft up, maybe
more. From up here, the world stretched
on forever. Frozen wasteland of white
beneath us. Mountains cut the horizon to
one side, the Arctic Ocean glared like
steel on the other.
Just ahead, the trail ended dead.
I throttled down, eyes locking on a
jagged mouth in the mountain wall.
Bringing my snowmobile in close, I saw
what looked like stone corridors carved
by nature itself, slanting downward into
the black. No stairs, just a steep drop
into silence so thick it pressed against
my chest. The other sleds cut out behind
me. Officer Yansen stepped off hers, LED
headlamp snapping alive. The beam swept
across the rock, catching on something.
Blue cloth torn, fluttering in a ghost
of air. I knelt down, fingers brushing
it. Infant clothing, no question.
That's enough for me, I muttered. Well,
then let's move, Jansen shot back,
already pressing forward. She didn't
wait for an agreement. Johnson and I
slung our packs, clicked on our lamps,
and followed. I tried the radios, dead,
satphone, too, nothing but static. The
stone walls funneled us deeper into the
earth. Our beams cutting narrow tunnels
of light through the dark. A faint wind
drifted past, carrying with it a stench.
Sulfur sharp and rotten.
Ah, this isn't a rescue anymore, I
whispered, hanging back just enough to
keep my voice from carrying. It's
recovery.
So, why the hell are we risking our
lives? We should be calling for backup.
That baby's been dead a long time.
Johnson leaned in close then, his voice
low, conspiratorial.
Yeah, know what I think.
Sound of a shriek cut him off. thin,
high, slicing through stone like metal
on glass. It froze us all. I never did
hear what he was about to say. By then,
the heat was building. The deeper we
went, the more the cold outside felt
like a distant memory. Sweat prickled
under my jacket. God, I wanted to tear
it off. And the mountain just kept
swallowing us whole.
The shrieking had grown louder now,
sharper, answered by dozens more echoing
through the stone around us. Jansen
yanked out her sidearm, and my jaw damn
near dropped.
454 Ruger, heavy caliber, built to tear
through anything dumb enough to stand in
front of it. She had enough magazines
strapped to her belt to wipe out a
buffalo herd.
I swung my shotgun free, checking the
chamber, loaded with slugs, every one of
them ready to punch holes the size of
fists.
"Hey, you even know what we're walking
into?" I asked, my voice low and ragged.
"Johnson was on my six, his shotgun
primed, muzzle angled down, but ready.
Sweat was pouring off me, the tunnel air
thick and steaming, like stumbling
straight into a sauna." The mist clung
to the granite ceiling, fat droplets
breaking loose and dripping down our
necks. The passage just kept dropping,
deep as hell, pulling us deeper into the
dark. "That's when I saw it, light.
Faint at first, but enough to set my
teeth on edge."
"Don't overthink it," Yansen muttered
with a smirk, a voice sharp as broken
glass. "Shoot first, ask questions.
Never. This place already ate plenty of
people. Too slow, too soft to watch
their own backs.
Well, the glow wasn't electrical, and it
sure as hell wasn't sunlight. Crawled
across the stone like veins of
fireflies. A purplish blue radiance that
painted the granite in sickly colors.
Mushrooms. Strange pulsating things
clung to the walls, bleeding that black
light glow into every crack.
We moved in silence now, breath shallow,
boots crunching against damp rock.
At the bottom, the walls opened into a
chamber, the mushrooms carpeting
everything in their ghost light. I
killed my LED and the others followed
suit. Heart hammering, I leaned out,
scanning the area.
There they were, more of those things.
Same twisted faces as before, lips
stripped away, skin pallet, eyes wide
and rabbit. Their heads snapped side to
side, jittery like they were hearing
voices from somewhere none of us could
reach.
Two of them were hauling the carcass of
an elk split clean down the middle.
Another dragged the limp body of an old
man by his legs, his arms hanging
uselessly, his head nowhere to be found.
I saw his fingers scraping the stone as
they pulled him forward. And I followed
their path with my eyes and then froze.
Slumped against the cavern wall was a
thing too hideous to belong on this
earth. A swollen insect beast bloated
beyond reason, lounging like a king on
its throne of rot. His body glistened
with a blood wet chitten shell, and
around its skull fled a cobra-like hood.
Its jagged teeth cluttered constantly,
rattling as it gorged, forcing chunks of
meat into its mouth with a hunger that
never seemed to end. Thick ropes of
blood ran down its chin, congealed,
dripping into the dirt.
Its arms were spindly and too long,
ending in fingers that weren't fingers,
but blades, thin, hooked perfectly for
slicing.
Six mantis-like limbs sprouted from its
sides, branching out slick and red in
the cave's warped light. Its guts sagged
grotesqually, swollen tight, pulsing as
if something inside was clawing to get
out.
And I saw it drop them. eggs each the
size of a hound, their skins trembling
and slick, ready to rupture. The things
that had dragged in the meat scrambled
to gather them, carrying them to a warm
corner where dozens more already lay.
Some shells had split wide open, and
whatever had crawled free was already
stalking the cavern. Newborn monsters
unleashed, ready to butcher anything in
reach.
Oh, God in heaven. Johnson's whisper
broke in the purple glow. Before us, one
of the beast's crimson claws shot
forward, hooked through the old man's
torso, and lifted the headless corpse
like it weighed nothing at all.
I watched the beast unhinge its jaws
wide enough to swallow a body whole.
Toss the corpse inside like it was
nothing. Teeth slamming shut with a wet
crunch. Blood sprayed across its face,
splattering the cracked stone beneath
it.
Stains bled out from his perch. Dark red
veins crawling 20 ft across the cave
floor. Jagged patterns like some
deranged ink blot test smeared into the
rock.
"Hey, we have to go deeper," Yansen
muttered, her eyes fixed on me, lips
pressed into a grim frown.
"You've lost your goddamn mind," Johnson
snapped back. "That's suicide. Could be
a thousand more of those freaks waiting
down there.
Before the argument could go anywhere,
the cavern answered for us. Screams
high-pitched and desperate. We all
snapped our heads downward. Pack of
pale, bone white humanoid mutants was
hauling out a kid, small hands locked in
their claws.
My gut clenched. I knew his face. I'd
seen it in the crime scene photos from
the trailer park massacre. He was alive,
barely, skin torn, covered in cuts and
bruises, shivering so hard I couldn't
tell if it was the cold or pure terror
keeping him trembling. His wide eyes
locked on the thing waiting for him. The
massive redskaled beast crouched in the
shadows.
"A shit," I hissed, looking from Johnson
to Yansen. "All right, Yansen, you're up
front with me. Johnson, you're rear
guard." And we form a triangle. One of
us reloads, the other two keep firing.
Johnson, keep circling back. Check the
dark. Don't let anything flank us.
Right, we move now.
Neither of them argued. They knew as
well as I did. Seconds wasted meant that
boy got fed to the monster.
We pushed forward, boots hitting slick
stone, guns up. Just a couple of hundred
feet of empty cave separated us from an
army we couldn't see and from whatever
waited in the dark.
I fired first, my shotgun barking into
the swarm of mutants closest to me. The
first blast ripped open one's chest,
spraying gore across the stone. I pumped
and fired again, blowing a chunk out of
another's leg, shards of rock exploding
from the wall behind them.
Everything slowed down. The tunnel
strobing with muzzle flash, adrenaline
burning through my veins, senses razor
sharp.
The next shock caved in a skull,
bursting like a glass vase hurled
against concrete.
Blood and splintered bone sprayed out in
every direction. Out of the corner of my
eye, I caught the one holding the kid.
Bastard didn't even have time to flinch
before Yansen lined it up and squeezed
off a round from her Ruger.
The boy dropped free as the mutant's
head detonated. Her bullet somehow
threading the gap perfectly.
Was a miracle shot. Too clean, too
risky. I'd never have taken it. Pistol
at that range, hostage in tow. The odds
of blowing the kid's head off were
skyhigh.
She didn't even hesitate. Cold, precise.
Made me wonder what kind of fire was
really burning behind her calm face.
The mutant stood for a second longer,
grotesque, holding the child's hand with
what was left of his body, head half
vaporized, spraying fountains of red
into the air. Then it finally crumpled,
collapsing in a heap at the boy's feet.
And that was when the beast moved.
Let out a scream that wasn't human.
Wasn't animal either. A banshee whale,
jagged and shrilled, so loud it rattled
the stone and tore through my skull. The
pitch rose and fell like some unholy
siren. A deeper, monstrous echo of
tearing metal. Instinct screamed at me
to drop the gun, climb my ear shut, do
anything to stop that noise. Louder than
the shotgun blasts, louder than anything
I'd ever heard. And worse, it was
standing up now. I thought it was
bloated, heavy, sluggish. Its body
swollen with the eggs we'd seen earlier.
But as it rose, muscles shifted under
that thick hide, and it was clear we'd
all been wrong. Oh, it was fast, much
faster than we were ready for. Its belly
was swollen and blood red, a grotesque
mass that should have slowed it down.
But the thing moved with the speed and
precision of a predator. It rose up on
those six legs, his twisted body jutting
out from the insectile carropus
underneath, like some nightmare version
of a centaur stitched together from the
wrong kinds of flesh. His branching legs
scraped and skitted forward in a
sickening centipede rhythm. Every step
triggering that primal disgust buried
deep in my gut. But it wasn't coming for
us. Not yet. It turned from the gunfire
and slid toward the massive tunnel
entrance at the far end of the cavern.
As it went, one of those long spindly
arms lashed out and hooked the boy,
dragging him up like he weighed nothing.
I braced for it to shove him into that
cavernous jaw to hear the crunch and
scream that would end him. But it
didn't. Just carried him, vanishing into
the dark, its banshee howl echoing back
until the sound tore at my skull like
steel on bone. For a second, I thought
I'd gone deaf. My ears rang, drowning
out everything. Johnson was in front of
me, lips moving, face twisted, but I
couldn't hear a damn word. "What?" I
yelled, my voice thin under the ringing.
Slowly, the sound bled back in. "We have
to follow the boy," Johnson said. "We
can't lose him." "He was right. The
second we had a living hostage, the
whole mission had changed. No backup, no
comms, nothing but us and the ammo in
our pockets. And now we had to bring him
back alive. The idea was insane. The
tunnels were crawling with things that
outnumbered us 100 to one. But letting
that care get fed to the beast,
not an option.
Yeah. No [__] I muttered heavy with
dread. I checked the shells in my
pockets. more than a handful, but not
nearly enough for what lay ahead.
Johnson's face told me he was in the
same boat. We had to decide. Fall back
to the snowmobiles and risk losing the
trail, or push forward and risk burning
through everything we had. Either way,
the odds were stacked.
Johnson's gaze flicked from the tunnel
mouth back to the distant snowmobiles
and then to me. I already knew what he
was going to say.
Forward, I growled, motioning with a
shotgun. We stay on the trail, drop
breadcrumbs as we go. Tear up a jacket,
whatever it takes, but we're not losing
him. Johnson gave a grim smile.
Breadcrumbs. Hell, with the way we're
burning ammo, we'll be able to follow
the trail of shell casings back. And
with that, we plunged into the tunnels.
Part three.
Yansen was already sprinting ahead,
forcing us to push hard just to keep up.
We tore past clusters of eggs, some
cracked open and empty, others swollen
and alive. One throbbed inches away from
me, his thin glowing skin stretched
tight with blood red veins. Inside the
silhouette of something insecttoid
writhed, six legs straining against the
membrane that trapped it. thing twisted
and bucked, desperate to claw its way
out. Soon it would, too soon. I couldn't
shake the question. How many had already
hatched? How long had this been going on
down here?
We pushed on into the tunnel, headlamps
snapping on, beams cutting across the
mold, slick walls. Yansen led, Johnson
close on her heels, and I covered the
rear, a gun sweeping the black behind
us. Nothing was chasing us yet, but the
noise wasn't dying. It was ahead. Always
ahead.
Creatures shriek echoed through the
stone. Thinner now, more distant. But
then came the worst part. The replies.
Dozens of them. The sound spreading
through the tunnels like wildfire,
bouncing from chamber to chamber. Some
calls were faint, very deep in the rock,
and others were close, too close,
skittering just beyond the light. The
boy's voice cut through it all, high and
panicked, begging. But every step we
took, his cries just grew fainter. We
tried to run harder, our lungs burning,
but I knew the truth. What chance did
human legs have against that thing six?
Practically not.
The tunnels twisted endlessly, wall
after wall curving left, then right,
carving our path into a disorienting
maze. Mold coated everything, glowing
faintly so that the rock itself seemed
alive. The LEDs were almost unnecessary,
but the light gave some false comfort in
the gloom. Every 100 ft, another branch,
each one dark, hungry. From some, I
caught the faint gleam of red eyes
watching us. When I jerked my weapon
toward them, they vanished, sliding back
into shadow like ghosts.
Once I saw a white skeletal hand curl
around the stone, or the pale smear of a
lipless face half exposed. But the
instant I aimed, it melted back into the
dark, slipping deeper into the maze.
Well, we weren't alone. Not for a
second.
In an instant, the shrieking was gone.
Silence dropped over us like a
suffocating fog, thick and unnatural. We
holded at a junction, three paths
splitting the cave. One tunnneled off
hard left, another cut right, and the
main artery stretched ahead and back the
way we came. We hadn't strayed from the
central passage yet, so getting out
should have been simple. At least that's
what I told myself.
The air grew heavier the deeper we went,
pressing down with a heat that didn't
belong underground.
We'd sunk further into the mountain
chain that overshadowed the Arctic
coast. And down here, the air boiled. My
hat was stuffed in a pocket, jacket
unzipped, but didn't help. Sweat
streamed off my face, stinging my eyes,
and the others were just as bad. Faces
wet, stripping away clothes layer by
layer, tossing jackets to the cave
floor. Watch them fall in a heap, and
thought, "Ah, you'll regret that if we
ever make it back." But after endless
miles, I gave in too, ditching my own
gear. Plan was to grab it again on the
way out. Except, of course, we never did
come back that way.
Damn it, Johnson muttered. We've lost
the kid. Let's pull out, report what we
found. We'll pick up the SAT signal
somewhere higher up.
I wanted to agree. God, I wish we had,
but fate wasn't giving us that choice.
began with the smallest tremor. Barely
there, just vibration you could mistake
for a pulse in your skull. I froze,
scanning the walls. The purplish glow of
the fungal moss shimmered strangely,
making the rock look alive, breathing.
That was the moment everything shifted.
Chunks of the glowing moss tore free as
the quake intensified.
The second them root thread snapped from
the stone, the clusters went black,
snuffed out instantly, their eerie light
dying like a switch had been thrown.
"Earthquake!" I shouted, though Yansen
and Johnson were already moving. We
scanned for cover and ducked into a side
shaft, the ground there holding steadier
than the main passage. Behind us, the
mountain began to break apart. Stone
that hadn't moved in centuries ripped
loose, boulders slamming down in a roar
of grinding rock.
The noise was endless and deafening. We
ran harder, the tunnel screaming behind
us. Pebbles and shards of stone rain
down, stinging my face and chest. Then
came the deep bone shaking groan, the
sound of something massive letting go.
The main artery was collapsing.
fault line must have ripped open beneath
the northbound tunnel, burying it under
tons of earth and stone. And then
silence. The shaking cut off almost as
suddenly as it had begun, leaving only a
few lingering aftershocks rippling
through the floor.
We switched our headlamps back on, beams
cutting the dust as we edged toward the
main corridor again.
My gut was tight. We had to get out. had
to reach the snowmobiles and more than
that we needed backup. God only knew how
many people were trapped in this hell
hole. "Hey, everyone in one piece?" I
asked. "I'm fine," Yansen muttered,
sweeping dirt off her face. Blood traced
a thin line from her temple.
Johnson was staring out of the side
tunnel mouth. "Oh Jesus, look at the
main passage."
I joined them, unsurprised by the sight.
Tons of rock choking the archery, a wall
of rubble spilling forward. Smaller
stone still clattered down, and the
nearest slabs are as big as men, jagged
and red stre.
Well, we'll need another route, I said
flatly. We can't go back, Yansen
snapped. The kid's still down here.
Johnson's eyes hardened. How the hell
are we supposed to find him? These
tunnels could run a 100 miles in every
direction.
Another tremor rippled under our boots.
A small aftershock rolling through the
earth. Pebbles rattled loose and skitted
across the tunnel floor. I steadied
myself, jaw clenched.
"Oh, we've come too far to turn back," I
said, my voice low but hard. "That kid
is ours. The way behind us is buried
anyway. We'll find another exit. There
has to be one.
But what I really thought about were the
stories. Paris catacombs. People
wandering in too deep, swallowed by the
maze. Endless miles of corridors
twisting in random directions until they
broke. Starving bones left to rot and
mingle with the dead that had been
resting there for centuries. No map, no
rescue, just darkness and silence
forever.
We rested a moment, then pushed forward.
Our morale was shot. Even Johnson, who
never shut up, looked grim and hollow.
The silence of the tunnels pressed in on
us. No beasts, no cries, not even the
boy. My hope started leaking out like
water from a cracked canteen.
Then the passage widened. The walls and
floor were infested with mold, luminous,
and alive, rising in knotted mounds like
termite towers, some reaching chest
height, their glow through warped
shadows that crawled over the stone.
And a sound drifted back to us, soft and
steady. For a second, my stomach
clenched, but it wasn't shrieking or
claws. It was a sound of water.
Broke into a jog, beams of light
sweeping until he hit a thin stream
cutting across the rock.
I knelt and dipped my hand in. The water
ran clear and cold. Relief hit me like a
drug. I shoved handfuls into my mouth,
gulping greedily. Behind me, Yansen and
Johnson did the same. Bent low and
drinking until their shoulders shook.
After everything, it was the first good
thing we'd found down here. Well, the
hunger still gnawed. Exhaustion burned
my muscles, but the water brought us a
little time. Then I looked up and froze.
A crude bridge spanned the stream. Just
a slab of granite set across. Beyond it,
in the glow of the mold, was something
that made my breath catch in my throat.
What opened before us was no cave. It
was a cathedral of monsters.
The chamber stretched wide, lined with
hundreds of eggs. Row after row set out
like pews in some twisted underground
church. Between them ran a 10-ft aisle,
a clear path leading deeper into the
abyss.
Far above the ceiling bristled with
stallctites, jagged and sharp, glowing
faintly in the purplish haze cast by the
mold creeping along the walls.
Streamers of fungus dangled like rotten
banners. At the far end of the hall,
carved directly into the stone, rose a
massive relief that stretched from floor
to ceiling. He showed one of the brood
mothers, the insectile monsters that
spawned this hell. Standing upright, its
spindly arms stretched to the heavens.
Its oval eyes bulged wide, and its
gaping moore revealed rows of serrated
predators teeth, frozen in silent
worship of his own hunger.
Beneath the carving stood a figure,
white-kinned, humanoid. But unlike the
others, this one wore a dark brown robe.
For a heartbeat, I thought it was part
of the sculpture itself. some icon of
devotion, a servant immortalized in
stone. Then it moved. We all snapped our
weapons up. "Freeze!" Yansen barked, her
finger tightening on the trigger.
"Hold!" I hissed, its unarmed little
weight.
The air thickened, my skin prickled. I
could feel eyes on us pressing in from
every direction. When I whipped around,
there was only darkness, the rows of
eggs, and silence.
We advanced slowly, keeping formation,
weapons leveled. The closer they came,
the more I saw. The eggs in front had
already split open, empty shells curling
inward. But farther back, dozens more
writhed with life. Shapes twisted and
clawed inside. Six legs pressing against
the thin membranes, their movements
jerky and unnatural as they floated in
their own amniotic fluid.
"Why let it live?" Yansen muttered under
her breath, voice sharp with anger, her
rifle locked on the road figure.
Oh, we kept moving, the silence pressing
down like a weight on us. These things
had butchered that family, and God only
knew how many others. Every cold case,
every missing person's report in the
county flashed through my mind, and the
truth hit hard. It was them. It had
always been them.
The mutant in the brown robe stood
unmoving, its lipless mouth twisted into
a mocking snear as it gaze rad over me.
His eyes bulged unnaturally from its
skull, pale and swollen. Up close, I
caught the detail. albino white flesh,
blood red irises that bled into a sickly
pink toward the center. The pupils
glowed faintly, catching the sick light
of the mold like burning coals.
Didn't know what move to make. And the
thing made it for me.
They are our gods, it croked, its voice
crackled and broken. Male, I thought, if
their kind even had such distinctions.
Ah, the sound was warped, like someone
who'd never learned language properly.
Vowels warped, syllables snapping off at
the wrong times. It was English, but
mangled and strained.
"Who are you?" I demanded. "What is this
place?"
Rob thing shook its head slowly,
skeletal hand lifting to the massive
carving looming behind it. "Gods,"
it rasped. We feed, they protect.
Johnson leaned close to me, muttering
under his breath. Yeah, hell of a job
they're doing. Big bastards ran
screaming soon as we opened fire. Well,
I ignored him. What are you? I pressed,
my voice sharp. This time I got an
answer.
Who? We are
the keepers.
The words dragged out like each one was
being clawed out of his throat. His gaze
lingered on the stone effigy above,
reverent and empty.
And these are the necrovores.
His expression shifted then unsettlingly
human for a heartbeat, something like
fear or regret.
They're hungry.
So hungry.
As if summoned by the words, the sound
hit me, skittering, dozens of legs
scraping stone. I spun around, shotgun
raised. While we'd been distracted, the
necrovores had gathered, fanning into a
semicircle that sealed off our retreat.
Smaller than the brood mother that we'd
faced earlier. Their bodies were leaner,
quicker, juveniles maybe, but no less
lethal.
Behind you, I roared. But my team
already knew the sound had given it
away. I swung the shotgun up and fired.
The slug tearing straight through the
nearest one's red warped face. Watched a
clean hole between its eyes. Daylight
all the way through to the stone wall
and beyond.
For a split second, it just twitched
there, legs spasming like broken wires,
arms jerking back and forth in sharp
seizure-like bursts. And then it
crumpled in a heap. Dozens more surged
out of the dark. Their speed was unreal.
Just red streaks and the manic flash of
too many legs. In an instant, they were
airborne, jaws unhinged, claws slashing
down at us. We opened fire. The chamber
lit up with muzzle flashes, deafening
roars, and the sick wet sound of bodies
being torn apart. A dozen fell in
seconds, buying us a heartbeat of space.
But the rest kept coming, skittering
fast across the stone like
nightmaresized spiders, their legs
cracking and scraping in a frenzy.
One lunged straight at me. I
sidestepped, jammed the barrel under its
face, and pulled the trigger. Its
angular skull blew wide open, a geyser
of gore spraying as its glowing red eyes
locked on mine one last time before it
collapsed, shrieking.
Johnson wasn't so lucky. Another monster
hit him hard, claws ripping across his
arm in a blur. Flesh split open, blood
spraying high in the mold light. His
jaws clamped down, dragging him off
balance. Johnson, I bellowed, slamming
another shell into the chamber and
blasting the thing's center mass. The
slug ripped through its torso, blood and
bile pouring out as it gurgled and
thrashed, trying to rise again.
Its legs gave out and it rise on the
floor until it finally stopped moving.
Johnson was back on his feet, face pale,
arm bleeding, but still fighting. He
racked his shotgun and blew another one
apart. Yansen spun, dropping the last
two in quick succession.
And then silence.
Only the ringing in my ears remained,
the wreak of gunpowder and blood heavy
in the air.
Part four.
I rushed over to Johnson, eyes locked on
his arm. He winced, yanking back his
sleeve. And that's when I saw it. A
jagged gash ripped nearly down to the
bone. Blood pulsed out in sync with his
heartbeat, spraying in little bursts. No
arteries hit, thank God, but still bad
enough. and we clamped down, wrapped a
tonk, and after a long stretch of grim
work, the bleeding slowed. Then we just
sat there surrounded by piles of corpses
and necro wrecks, the stench heavy in
the air. Well, that priest, or whatever
the hell he was, had slipped away during
the chaos, vanishing into one of the
carved tunnels behind the caravan.
"We need food and water," I muttered. If
we're lucky, there'll be more
underground streams. But food? What are
we going to do? Roast one of those
necrofaks?
I glanced at the nearest corpse with
disgust.
Well, if it comes to that, Yansen
growled. I'm not starving down here. Not
if I can help it.
Johnson barked a bitter laugh, clutching
his ruined arm. That's rich coming from
you. You were the one so gung-ho about
crawling into this pit even before we
spotted that damn kid. Where is he? Huh?
Nowhere. All trips a goddamn death
march. Wild goose chase straight into
the boughels of hell.
Well, maybe the seventh circle, I said
with a weak grin, but nobody laughed.
We kept moving, boots crunching in the
silence until we caught the faint murmur
of water again. A narrow stream cut
through a side tunnel. We cleaned
Johnson's wound as best we could, drank
until our bellies hurt, but hunger still
norded us all the same. My mind kept
circling back to those strange red
beasts littering the ground. If it came
down to it, maybe they taste like
lobster, I thought, smirking to myself.
But things got worse, much worse.
Johnson's arm was turning into a
nightmare. Angry red patches swirled
around the gash, veins darkening like
poisoned rivers running up his flesh.
"Nothing to worry about," he said with a
crooked smile. "H, just a scratch."
But I was worried.
Hours later, the stink hit. Rot, pus,
black blotches spreading fast across his
skin. I've never seen an infection take
hold so viciously, so damn quick.
Couldn't stop thinking about what kind
of alien rot might be crawling over
those things. Strange bacteria, toxic
spores, whatever the hell they carried.
Well, the thought alone made my skin
crawl. We found a stretch of tunnel
empty enough to rest, laying down in the
damp filth. Johnson and I stuck close
together, far from Jansen, who'd
wandered off a few hundred feet down the
passage, probably to take a piss where
we couldn't see her.
I don't trust her," Johnson whispered.
"Eh, same here," I muttered. "She's
holding something back. This whole thing
stinks."
Johnson frowned, staring at his arm like
he'd been doing all night, his jaw
clenched. "H doesn't matter. You'll end
up needing her. I'm not going to be much
help to you soon." We stayed there until
we couldn't anymore, then pushed on
deeper into the tunnel. The walls glowed
faintly with that endless rash of mold
casting enough sick light to save our
headlamps. I was hoarding the batteries
like gold at this point. Well, Johnson
didn't last long. He staggered, bent
over, wretched until his body shook.
Sweat streamed off him in sheets, and he
swayed like he toppled with the next
breath. When I lifted his bandage, I
almost dropped it in shock. I'd heard
all the clinical words before.
separation, discharge, necrosis. But
none of that sterile [__] touched what I
was staring at. His flesh wasn't just
dying. It was liquefying, leaking out in
ropes of pus, bubbling with infection.
The skin around it was splitting, black
and gray. The stink was so thick it
wrapped around my face and filled my
lungs.
It wasn't just a smell anymore. It was a
presence. got inside me drove me half
mad with nausea. Made me gag until my
stomach felt ready to rip open. I
couldn't imagine what Johnson was
feeling. Trapped inside his own rotting
body. I remembered that scene from
Recreum for a dream. That junkie with
his arm turning black, purple streaks
crawling back toward his heart, his body
collapsing from the inside out. I
thought that was the most grotesque
thing I'd ever seen. But it was nothing.
Not compared to Johnson.
stared at the wound on his arm. The
veins swollen and crawling red, black
rot eating through the middle. The skin
was peeling away in strips, flesh
slloing off like something halfcooked.
It shredded the edges of my sanity. I
turned my head, but shutting my eyes
didn't help. The image burned there. The
stench burned even worse.
"Undying,"
he muttered, his voice breaking.
We'll get you help, I said, knowing damn
well that was a lie. He shook his head.
I can't I can't stand it anymore. That
smell, my own flesh rotting. I feel the
skin splitting. I feel the pus leaking
out. I feel my insides turning to
poison. I see it happening piece by
piece.
His voice cracked. Then the tears came.
Just go. Leave me the shotgun. One,
Paul. I'm not going another step. No, I
started. But then a Yansen cut me off.
He's right. He's finished. Even if we
had a surgeon standing here, he wouldn't
make it. The sepsis has spread. The
arm's gone. Probably more. Without
antibiotics, without IV drugs, he's got
zero chance. We don't even have a single
goddamn pill of penicellin.
Leave me the gun, he whispered again.
set the shotgun down beside him, laid a
slug on the concrete like an offering.
His face was waxed pale, slick with
sweat, eyes wide and wild.
Now go. You don't need to see this. You
don't need to carry that with you. I
made one last hollow plea. You don't
have to do this.
But he shook his head.
I'm not afraid to die, old friend. Not
afraid to pull the trigger myself.
Some preacher says it dams your soul.
Screw that. When there's a god out
there, he's got bigger things to worry
about than me. Every man owes a death.
This one's mine. At least I took plenty
of those necro [__] down before he got
me. Maybe that's enough to earn me a
seat in Valhalla. What do you think?
Tear broke free down my cheek. I blinked
hard and wiped it away. I think you'll
have a front row seat, Johnson. Hey,
save me a spot. He gave me a faint note.
Yansen and I turned away, footsteps
echoing in the tunnel. Then came the
blast.
One shotgun roar rolling down the stone
like thunder.
"Oh, he's gone," I said, my voice
breaking. Yo, that shot rattling in my
skull.
Yansen shook her head, sharp and final.
But we need to get the hell out of here,
she muttered. Otherwise, we'll end up
like him. We've got nothing. No food, no
clean water, no medical help. Starvation
will eat us slow, but if anything else
happens, we'll be dead faster than that.
My gut twisted, knotted up like barbed
wire. Hunger gnawed so deep that it
hurt. A dull, constant ache pulsed in my
belly, reminding me I hadn't had a real
meal in too long. And your starvation
could drag out for weeks, longer if you
had fat or muscle to burn. But with us
stumbling mile after mile under the
earth, that window was shrinking fast.
Down here, death was going to close in a
hell of a lot sooner.
If hunger wasn't enough, was running out
of ammo. My hand slipped into my pocket,
fingers counting cold brass. 17 shells
left. I laughed bitterly. One was mine,
reserved for the kind of end I wasn't
willing to suffer. That left 16. 16
chances to put something down before it
put me down.
While the numbers looped in my head,
circling like vultures. Yansen hardly
said a word. Her breath was ragged and
her shoulders slouched. She wasn't the
iron spine fighter I'd first met now, as
she looked like a woman already letting
go.
I tried to throw her something to hold
on to. There's got to be dozens of exits
down here. Think about it. Those pale
freaks, the keepers, they're raising
those giant red bees, the ones they call
necrovores. Well, they've got to feed
them somehow. Sure, the necrovores could
hunt on their own. They're built to
kill, but maybe the keepers are keeping
them hidden. Jansen's reply was flat,
stripped of patience.
Point is, we've seen one exit. One. It's
the one we came in through. Yeah. Okay,
I said, forcing logic into the dark. The
keepers can't be hauling all that meat
from a single opening. It makes no
sense. We've got to have other ways in
and out. Maybe they're hunting above
ground, maybe stealing. They're bringing
food back through somewhere.
So, you're saying if we can track one
and follow it, then maybe uh Yansen
started, but her words died in her
throat as a shriek tore out from behind
us. I spun. Shotgun already raised.
Finger flicking the safety off with
muscle memory.
Oh, the weapon was part of me now, as
natural as an arm or a lung. Till the
shells ran dry. Then it was nothing but
a cheap steel club.
Gansen reacted just as fast as me,
snapping on the LED mounting to a rig.
Burst of white light blasted the tunnel,
searing my eyes after the dull, sickly
violet glow of the fungus dripping from
the walls. For a second, it was like
staring into the sun.
Massive red blur streaked away down the
corridor behind us. Its inhuman whale
echoing like some warped steam whistle,
fading as it vanished into the dark.
Scan the tunnel, every nerve roar,
waiting for the next shape to lunge out.
Nothing, just emptiness and rot. I
pressed on deeper into the main shaft
until the tunnel split left and right.
Both identical, both swallowing light.
No markers, no hints, just choices that
could get us killed.
By then, I'd abandoned hope of finding
the boy alive. Hell, I wasn't even sure
if I'd make it out myself. We took the
left path, then another left when it
split again. That's when the air
changed.
I caught it first. Roasted meat. The
smell hit like a punch, twisting my gut,
setting my mouth alive with hunger that
I hadn't felt in days.
"Food," I whispered, forcing my voice
flat, burying the surge of excitement.
"It's something cooking." "Oh, God,
please," Yansen muttered. Her pace
quickened. Her eyes glimmered in the
LED's beam like an animals. "God, I'm
starving. I could even eat one of those
necroors," she said.
It probably tastes like chicken. I shot
back. She smirked. More like lobster.
Big red armored bastards.
Boil went up. Melt some butter.
And I stopped dead.
The tunnel wasn't empty anymore.
A necro blocked the path, hulking and
still. Instinct yanked my gun up, finger
tightening on the trigger. Then I saw
it. A bullet hole dead center in its
chest.
It looked dead, sprawled on its back,
dark red eyes fixed on the ceiling,
unblinking and cold. Its spindly
insect-like legs curled inward, brittle
and pathetic, like the husk of a spider
left to dry in some forgotten corner.
"What the hell?" Yansen muttered, her
face twisted in confusion. "Who dropped
this one? You?" I gave a lazy shrug. Had
to be one of us. Maybe when they came at
us last time, someone nailed it in the
gut. Thing probably limped off, bled out
here. Organ failure, blood loss.
Whatever it was, finally put it down.
Yansen crouched beside the carcass of
the necro, nudging one stiff limb aside
to get a better look at its gaping jaws
packed with hundreds of jagged teeth.
The hand slid into a pocket, I caught
the flicker of intent.
Hey, I got a piss. I lied. Curious as to
what the hell she was scheming. From the
moment I'd met her, I knew she wasn't
just some badge wanting to tag along
with the rangers. She had her own game.
I drifted into the tunnel, let the curve
hide me, and press myself against the
wall, pretending to take a leak while
keeping my eyes locked firmly on her.
That's when she did it. From her inner
coat, Yansen pulled a glass vial capped
in black. Kneeling low, she dipped it
into the necroor's moore, collecting a
slick of bloody saliva. She twisted the
top on with care and little grin cutting
across her face, then slipped the vial
back into her coat.
I started back toward her, and she
snapped into motion, backing away from
the corpse, her mask sliding back into
place, that pale, indifferent stare that
she had worn for days now. I'd seen
through it and seen through her.
For a moment, I waited up. Call her out.
Drag the truth out of her. But no, not
yet. Survival came first.
We left the corpse behind, moving deeper
into the tunnels. The air thickened with
the scent of roasting meat, strong
enough now to make my stomach ache.
Up ahead, a thin beam of light knifed
through the cave. Sunlight. Real
sunlight.
My chest surged with hope. It meant only
one thing, an exit.
I was just about to bolt toward it when
I heard the sharp mechanical click of a
safety snapping off. Yansen's voice
followed low and lethal.
Don't move.
She was only a few steps behind me. I
still had my shotgun slung across my
shoulder, but my eyes were locked
forward.
She had every edge. I knew then I was
probably finished. I'd die here sprawled
out on the cold stone and my family
would never know what became of me. Take
your shotgun, she said, stealing her
tone. Drop it slow. Stuck on the ground.
You turn around, I'll put a hole in you.
I did exactly as she ordered. I keep
facing forward, she added. I saw your
face when we hit those neck wound
markers at the cave entrance. Not even a
flicker of surprise.
So, I'm going to ask you just one thing.
One. Have you seen them before?
Yes, I said, voice barely above a
whisper.
My mind flicked back 6 months before all
this with Johnson and Yansen. I'd been
holed up in my log cabin alone. Brewed a
full pot of coffee, stripped and oiled
my guns, and figured I'd spend the night
shooting. I filled a heavy thermos with
boiling coffee, grabbed my Winchester, a
beauty with a polished walnut stock, and
headed outside.
I'd hauled an old air conditioner and a
rusted metal trash lid back from the
dump, set them up at different ranges,
and started working the rifle. Summer
air was sharp, clean, no smog, no
clouds, just the raw scent of the woods.
When night fell, the sky was scattered
with stars so bright they looked alive.
Every time I squeeze the trigger, it was
like blue fire spat from the barrel for
a split second. The report cracked
through the dark, followed by the
ringing ping of lead smacking metal over
and over. Rhythm, precision, control
until it started.
The crying, the shrieking rising from
the treeine.
There's no one for miles, no neighbors,
no drunks wandering lost. Which meant
one thing, danger.
I went cold inside, every sense locking
onto the dark woods. For a split second,
I tried to tell myself it was just a
fox, maybe a fisher cat. But I knew
better. I'd heard both before, and this
was nothing like that. Was louder,
wrong, almost mechanical in its pitch.
I slammed a fresh mag into the rifle,
stuffed another in my pocket, and pushed
toward the sound. And then gunfire. One
shot then another. Screams tore through
the trees.
I sprinted, lungs burning, dodging roots
and jagged rocks as I cut through the
thick wall of pine and birch. The forest
insects had gone dead quiet after the
shots, leaving the woods hanging in this
very heavy silence, like everything
alive out here was holding its breath to
see what came next. That's when I saw
them. Two men and the thing.
Well, the beast towered over them, red
insectile, 8 ft if it was an inch. And
the men were panicked, spraying bullets
with zero aim. Spent casings litter at
the ground, but the monster bore only a
couple of shallow wounds. Streaks of
blood sliding down its chest and
shoulder like they were nothing. Then it
charged. Rage made flesh. It slashed the
closest man's throat with fingers like
knives, spilling him into the dirt
before pivoting on the other. I broke
into a dead sprint. my heart hammering,
desperate to close the gap. But I was
too late. The creature lunged, jaws
unhinging, tearing the man's legs clean
off at the knees. God, his scream ripped
right through me. "No!" I bellowed,
planting my feet, sighting down the
barrel, squeezing the trigger.
When the rifle kicked, shots hammering
the monster in the face right between
its black, soulless eyes. It shrieked,
convulsed, and then toppled backwards.
I rushed to the injured man, dropped to
my knees, shaking him. "What the hell
was that?" I shouted. "Who are you? What
the [__] are you doing out here?"
He blinked, dazed, head rocking side to
side like he was trying to knock the fog
out. Then slowly he lifted his gaze to
meet mine. "My name's Constantine." He
growled through a heavy Russian accent.
"I'm SFB Intelligence, Russia's own.
Normally, I wouldn't say a damn word of
this, but I'm dying. That thing. He
jabbed a trembling finger at the hulking
crimson carcass broad in the dirt.
Inside it runs a bacteria, a weapon
waiting to be used. Trigger septic
shock, something inhuman, something
antibiotics can't touch. A millionth of
a drop would drop a manstone dead. When
the autopsyy's over, it'll look nothing
more than a freak bacterial infection.
Just bad luck, just another death.
Thanks, I said, and I put a bullet
through his skull. Buried both agents
and the red beast in one shallow grave,
the Alaskan soil swallowing them
quickly. No one would touch these
things, not as long as I drew breath.
Part five.
I told all of this to Yansen, if that
was even her real name, spinning the
tail to buy myself seconds, praying for
a deosex machine, some miracle savior to
stop her. But in my guard, I knew she
wouldn't let me walk away, no more than
the Russians would have, had they lived
long enough to see me kill the necro.
Myansen just smiled, her face sharpening
into something skeletal, hollow.
So the Russians caught wind of the
Necrovores, she muttered. Now they're
chasing samples same as us.
Who are you really with? I snapped.
You're no cop.
She grinned. Wolfish
CIA. I do feel bad, honestly. Butters
are orders. I was told flat out no
witnesses.
The smile widened.
The agency wants necrorives alive. They
want to see if these monsters can be
weaponized, set loose in an enemy
country like hounds of plague. Even if
that fails, the bacteria alone is more
than enough.
She cocked her head almost playfully.
Goodbye, and I am sorry.
I shut my eyes, lungs working like
engines, knowing the truth. My time was
up. I was about to die. shot in the back
like a street rat, discarded and
forgotten.
But no shot came. Instead, I heard a
sharp grunt of pain, then a wet gurgle,
a choking hiss of spit. I turned my head
slowly, half expecting some sick trick,
and then I saw it. Jansen was standing
there with her throat torn open, blood
spraying down the front of her clothes
in a pulsing stream. Her eyes were wide,
stunned, like she'd just witnessed the
greatest magic trick on earth. Then she
dropped, smacking hard against the stone
floor of the tunnel.
Behind her stood Johnson, his folding
knife dripped red, shaking in one
trembling hand. His other hand was
black, twisted dead at the fingers.
"Oh my god, Johnson!" I shouted,
disbelief cutting through me. For a
second, I thought I was seeing a ghost.
Then he collapsed on top of Yansen's
body, and I ran to him. The stench of
his rotting arm filled the air, sour and
foul. But I didn't care. I wanted to
hold him to know he was real.
How? I demanded. Johnson looked up at
me, eyes watery and unfocused, then
vomited a thin stream of blood that
splattered over Yansen's lifeless hand.
I was ambushed, he rasped. Didn't have a
single slug left. Had to use the last
one on a necro that came right at me
after you left. Ah, then I smelled meat
cooking. His voice broke into coughs
then. I fought it. Found one of the
white mutants roasting a deer over a
fire. While they had supplies, meat,
mushrooms, roots, enough to last
forever. Hid behind a stack of skins,
shoving food into my mouth, waiting to
die.
Drank water dripping from the ceiling.
And I heard you and Yansen little voice
is scared to cook off. I heard a
confess. That's when I killed her.
He pointed to his arm. Then the black
purple rot had crept past his shoulder,
noring its way into his chest.
And I'm finished, he whispered. Almost
gone.
Will you give me peace, man? End it. Eh,
the coupe to grass.
I racked the shotgun, sliding a slug
into the chamber. Johnson looked up at
me, his eyes glassy, his face twisted
with pain and the kind of sorrow a man
tries to hide but can't.
Man, I'll tell them all what you did
here, I muttered, my voice low, shaking.
How you went down fighting, brother.
Raised the barrel to his forehead and
pulled the trigger. The crack echoed
through the cavern, blood splashing the
stone. Then there was nothing.
Just me alone again.
I stripped Yansen's body of weapons and
ammo. Loading myself up. 19 rounds for
the Ruger. That was all I had left
between life and death.
The faint glow of sunlight flickered
down a nearby passage, and I staggered
toward it, praying it meant escape. When
I stepped into the chamber, I finally
saw what Johnson had seen. A deer
roasting over the embers of a dying
fire. A crude camp. pile of mushrooms
stacked neatly beside a deer hide in the
corner. Fiddleheads, roots, scraps of
dried meat, all laid out on a flat rock
under the thin shaft of sunlight.
But the light didn't lead to salvation.
Bled down from a crack in the ceiling,
nothing more than a smoke vent. Too
small to climb unless I could sprout
eight legs and crawl like the monsters
that haunted these tunnels.
Still, it meant the surface wasn't
impossibly far above. meant there was a
way out somewhere.
Damn, if only the caves didn't twist and
split into endless black corridors
designed to swallow me whole.
I tore strips of food from the pile,
wrapping it in deerhide, until it bulged
heavily in my arms. Went a bit into it,
greasy and charred. It was the sweetest,
most divine thing I'd ever tasted. After
starving in the dark, it might as well
have been a feast from heaven.
I tied the bundle to a branch, slung it
over my shoulder like some broken hobo
chasing rails, and kept moving.
Well, it felt like days blurred into
weeks. I rationed what I had, chewing
mushrooms down to crumbs, noring dried
venison into splinters.
Once in what was my second week, I
think, I stumbled into another storage
place the keepers had left behind,
filled with more food, more dried fungy,
another lifeline.
I took it all.
And I kept walking deeper into the
black.
A freezing mountain stream cut through
the caves, just enough to keep me alive.
Water to drink, but no way out. I kept
moving, but the walls only pressed in
tighter. Sometimes I'd catch flashes in
the dark. Pale hands sliding back into
the stone. Glimpses of red shells
flickering like warnings. They didn't
rush me. They stalked me. patiently
letting me rot from the inside out until
they were ready.
The end when it came came fast around it
a bend and saw it. A vast archway
yawning ahead. At first I didn't
understand what I was looking at. The
darkness had warped everything. But then
I saw the light. Cold silver, different
from the sickly violet glow of the mold.
Moonlight. Real moonlight.
My chest clenched with a savage kind of
joy. Freedom was close and I ran.
And that was when they hit.
The ambush came in a wave. Keepers in
their filthy brown robes spilling from
the shadows and those necro things
snapping into view. Red carropuses
gleaming in the half light. The air
filled with their screeches, a mix of
hissing and high-pitched gibberish that
clawed at my skull.
I dropped the bundle of food, watching
it scatter across the stone as my body
surge with adrenaline. My hand already
had the Ruger up, barrel spitting fire.
I tore through six rounds, aiming for
their blood dark eyes, dropping the
closest ones into fountains of gore.
Their bodies collapsed, twisting and
kicking, but more pressed in behind,
crawling over the corpses of their own.
I could smell fresh air now. It was
right there. It was almost mine.
and hands closed in around me, yanking
my arms, clawing for my throat. Swung
the Gruger like a hammer, smashing
faces, bone cracking under the steel.
For a moment, they loosened their grip.
Then one ripped the gun from me, and it
clattered to the stove. No time to
retrieve it. No time for anything but
survival.
These necroofiends slid in on both
sides, their bodies jerking in that
grotesque side to side shuffle, legs
scraping the floor, jaw snapping open in
a frenzy of hunger. They closed in fast,
red eyes burning, and the moonlight
behind them felt like a cruel joke.
Their jaw split open, claws slicing the
air as I yanked the shotgun up and
pulled the trigger.
The first blast ripped a hand clean off.
Bone and sineu spraying as a thing
screamed, collapsing into the
necroofiend behind it. The next came
leaping straight at me though, mouth
gaping so wide I could see its slick
throat pulsing in the dark. Lunch for my
face. I jammed the trigger, firing wild,
shuffing round straight into its open
moore. Three, maybe four shells tore
through its head before it crashed at my
feet, twitching just inches from me. and
then
empty.
I ran, slamming fresh rounds into the
chamber on the move, snapping shots over
my shoulder. A couple more of the
bastards went down, skulls bursting as
they closed in on me. My hands searched
my pockets in a frenzy. Two shells left,
that was all.
The exit loomed ahead, the stone door
shook as the swarm poured after me. I
loaded one round spun and blew a massive
necroofiend off its feet right at the
threshold. It hit the ground hard, its
bulk collapsing across the entry and
jamming the rest behind it. I had no
time to watch. I just ran. I ran for
what felt like hours, lungs burning,
legs trembling until I caught sight of
smoke curling into the sky. A tiny
coastal village, shacks huddled against
the wind. I staggered towards one of
them and a woman opened the door. They
had a ham radio and by some miracle they
got me out.
Back home, the mirror nearly broke me.
God, a ghost stared back at me. Skin
stretched over bone, cheekbones sharp as
blades, eyes hollowed out and blackened
with exhaustion.
Every one of my ribs stood out. My legs
looked like sticks draped in thin skin.
When my boss asked what had happened, I
kept it simple. said, "I've been lost in
the tunnels tracking a missing boy."
Well, that was the truth, just not all
of it.
I never spoke of the Necroce.
Never told anyone about Johnson or the
way he died saving me. That part I
buried, kept it locked away in the dark
until now.
[Music]
Well, my dear friends, suddenly somehow
it's nearly the end of August and um you
I was back at work today and that was a
bit of a shock to the system. I've had a
few weeks off and it's been uh
delightful. The weather's been pretty
good. Uh haven't been working too hard
on the channel even. But yeah, anyway,
back today and I guess a bit of a shock
to the system. Thought what better than
to have a hour and something long story.
Park Ranger in Alaska. Perfect setting
for that. Hope you enjoyed that one.
recorded that. Well, like I said, I was
at work, but recorded that all in one go
as well. So, you know what I'm like
after one big long recording all in one
go. Nothing much makes sense, especially
this waffle I've got at the end of the
video here. Okay, that's enough for this
evening. Hope you enjoyed that one.
Thoughts, feelings, anything else you
want to say in the comments section
below the video. And as ever, I will do
my best to join in the conversation.
Till the next time, my dear friends,
you'll sleep well. Yeah.
Thank you so much for taking the time to
listen to this story today. Really means
a lot to me and to the author of the
story, of course. Well, if you want to
know more about me, I'm pretty much
everywhere on social media. You can find
me on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, you
can download my music on Soundcloud. Um,
I've got a Patreon if you feel like
throwing me a dollar or two. Very much
appreciated. And of course on Reddit, I
have a place where you can leave stories
if you want me to read one that you've
written. Well, hoping to see you all
again very soon. Till then, sweet dreams
and bye-bye.
[Music]